The word “Data Science” means the method which uses scientific techniques to liberate and create meaning from raw data. This sounds awful to statisticians because applied statisticians do to use methodology to make inferences from data. “Statistics” means the practice of collecting and analyzing numerical data in large quantities. This definition of statistics seems to encompass anything that the definition of data scientist might encompass, but the definition of statistician seems limiting. Statistics starts with data, as being generated by a black box in which a vector of input variables x (independent variables) go in one side, and on the other side the response variables y come out. Inside the black box, nature functions to associate the predictor variables with the response variables.
16 computer scientists seem to have settled on the points - Data science is concerned with big data, which traditional computing resources could not accommodate, and Data science trainees have the skills needed to cope with such big datasets. But I believe a good data scientist should not be afraid to get their hands dirty and try to become one with the data by exploring it.
There are two goals in analyzing the data. One is Prediction and the other is Inference. The “predictive modeling” culture prioritizes prediction and is estimated to encompass 2% of academic statisticians but also many computer scientists and, important industrial statisticians. Predictive modeling is effectively silent about the underlying mechanism generating the data, and allows for many different predictive algorithms, preferring to discuss only accuracy of prediction made by different algorithm on various datasets. 
“Storing and Retrieving Data” seems manifestly not taught by traditional statistics departments; and careful study of the words reveals that the least traditional topic among the others, “Applied Machine Learning,” seems to a statistician thinking about the actual topics covered, very much like what a statistics department might or should offer—however, the use of “machine learning” in the course title is a tip off that the approach may be heavily weighted toward predictive modeling rather than inference.
